he holds going you guys my name is in
cash from today in this video I'm going
to be showing you guys how to obtain a
red cargobob on GTA online but before we
start if you leave a like and Lily
lightly fantastic and also subscribe if
you're new to my channel by the way guys
this is really easy to do and it's
similar to the skylift helicopter glitz
so as you know you have to go to start
online and then going to the Creator
base are now I'm not sure as a beta
because I thought the whole thing came
out but that really doesn't matter so
anyway once you've loaded it up you'll
see that you have all these options all
you want to do is create to death match
and skip the tutorial and go straight to
a death match something you want to head
over to any location I just put the beat
because it's the bees location from here
you want to go to placement you want to
go to boats and then once you place the
trigger down all you want to do is hover
over the boats go to the markets boat
and then place it over the seat and
basically once you're hovering over the
sea you have to double click a as fast
you can and as you see it does turn it
into a red collar Bob now I believe you
can place up to 30 cargo box on the land
anywhere on GT online in Los Santos so
as you see I'm double tapping a on the
screen now once you're able to park it
down and as you see the red car go Bob
is there and I you can go to the land
and place it down up to 30 times and
then from here all you want to do is
fill in the rest of the details like the
picture the title etc that's the boring
part the glitch but anyway once you've
done that you can see that you can go
ahead and test it save it and publish it
and once you publish it as you can see
here is the red helicopter and what it
actually looks like and it's basically
something you can show your friends as
it's not actually an able to go online
but I do hope they add this to the
online as it's actually a cool feature
and it actually looks better in the
normal clogger Bob but anyway that's all
for today's video guys so I do hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did don't forget
to leave a like it helps me a lot and
shows you guys support also leave a
comment um be thought and if you haven't
really subscribe to my channel as upload
all the latest GTA 5 content but anyway
thank you for watching and I'll see you
guys next time